oh brother man well hey you know if you
won't be a professional wrestler valet
or manager or referee it's very simple I
just go to your get on the Internet WWWE
Valiant that's one word J I am my v al I
am T wwg me value calm is that simple
there you go to my website and I'll also
whether it's a map how to get to it it
explains everything you need to know my
address is there that just write me I'll
send you a brochures through the mail or
email me and I'll email your back and
bite you up come be my guest
and I want to also say to all the fans
out there you know please also email me
and because I'll email you back
personally and invites you up I have a
Hall of Fame in a museum
that there's no charge to it we're open
fifty-two Sundays a year from 12:00 noon
to 4:00 our four o'clock come and be my
guest and I have thousands of pictures
on the wall you will enjoy I have the
Statue of Liberty there man I told Brian
I brought in from New York City man you
know man
Long Island enough it is the Statue of
Liberty it's like 9 foot tall and this
got the boys from New York City that
which was my theme song you know in the
80s when I was with the Mid Atlantic
corporation and also in the museum I
have the boogie wagon I have
the trike I wrote in many videos I have
my the Harley hog there
I have dooms buggy that all my toys you
know and actually have the 1974
limousine the valiant brother limousine
you know from New York City and it's all
there to view and there's no charge
again people come enjoy and watch my
kids train and enjoy the museum and the
Hall of Fame and spend a day with us and
III know that you will not never forget
it